Update docs for a single app server (#590)
project-oak/oak: docs/programming-oak.md

  of the Node, available because the Node `struct` implements the gRPC service
  trait.

## Starting an Oak Application

> In order run an Oak infrastructure ISV should compile an Oak application to a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order run an Oak application, the ISV compiles a set of WebAssembly modules, serializes them...
```

Author: Done

set of WebAssembly modules, serialize them into a binary application
configuration file and pass it to the Oak Server.
ISV should also publish a gRPC service endpoint (host:port) for a newly loaded
Oak Application.

### Creating a Configuration File

> In order to load an Oak Application into the Oak Server its configuration should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to load an Oak Application into the Oak Server its configuration must
```

Author: Done

be serialized into a binary file.

> ISV first need to specify a configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ISV first needs to specify a configuration file:
```

Author: Done

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
[embedmd]:# (../examples/hello_world/config/config.textproto /node_configs.*/ /initial_entrypoint_name.*/)
```
node_configs {
  name: "app"
  wasm_config {
    module_bytes: "<bytes>"
  }
}
node_configs {
  name: "log"
  log_config {}
}
grpc_port: 8080
initial_node_config_name: "app"
initial_entrypoint_name: "oak_main"
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

> The `module_bytes: "<bytes>"` means that this value will be filled with

Reviewer 2: "will be filled" &ndash; by whom?  Is that something that the `app_config_serializer` does?

WebAssembly module bytes after serialization.

Then ISV should serialize this configuration into a binary file using the
_Application Configuration Serializer_:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
```shell
./bazel-bin/oak/common/app_config_serializer \
  --textproto=examples/hello_world/config/config.textproto \
  --modules=app://examples/target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/hello_world.wasm \
  --output_file=config.bin"
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

All these steps are implemented as a part of the

> `./scripts/build_example hello_world`.

Reviewer 2: Add "script" or "invocation" before full stop?

### Starting the Oak Application

ISV should run an Oak Application using the Oak Runner:

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
```shell
`./scripts/run_server_asylo --config="$PWD/config.bin"`
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

The Oak Runner will launch an [Oak Runtime](concepts.md#oak-vm) inside the
enclave, and this Runtime will check the provided Wasm module(s) and application
configuration. Assuming everything is correct (e.g. the Nodes all have a main
entrypoint and only expect to find the Oak
[host functions](abi.md#host-functions)), the Oak Runtime opens up a port of its

> own and returns this to the caller in an `ApplicationCreationStatus`.

Reviewer 2: What is an `ApplicationCreationStatus`, and who's the caller here?

Presumably this contains the host:port that the ISV published to make the Oak App available to the outside world &ndash; be nice to say so.

Author: Done
